make documentation more clear to use different cloud storage (#2127)
huggingface/datasets: docs/source/filesystems.rst

- `dropbox <https://github.com/MarineChap/dropboxdrivefs>`_ for access to dropbox shares
- `gdrive <https://github.com/intake/gdrivefs>`_ to access Google Drive and shares (experimental)

> These known implementations are going to be natively added in the near future within ``datasets``, but you can use them already simular to ``s3fs``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These known implementations are going to be natively added in the near future within ``datasets``, but you can use them already in a similar way to ``s3fs``.
```

Example using a another ``fsspec`` implementations, like ``gcsfs`` within ``datasets``.

.. code-block::

      >>> conda install -c conda-forge gcsfs
      >>> # or
      >>> pip install gcsfs

.. code-block::

      >>> import gcsfs
      >>> gcs = gcsfs.GCSFileSystem(project='my-google-project') # doctest: +SKIP
      >>>
      >>> # saves encoded_dataset to your s3 bucket

>       >>> encoded_dataset.save_to_disk('gcs://my-private-datasets/imdb/train',fs=gcs)  # doctest: +SKIP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      >>> encoded_dataset.save_to_disk('gcs://my-private-datasets/imdb/train', fs=gcs)  # doctest: +SKIP
```
